Evergreen, what are you up to?
Evergreen
I can plan all your property for you.
I don't think you want to believe me
I am, how could I not be you?
You are my wife
You are the only woman I love in the world
Please give me everything
We're a family.
What about me?
What should I do if you lose me?
Where are you going, you bitch?
Your maid has turned into a phoenix like a pheasant, right?
You shameless thing
Did you forget that you will mix with Tianjin?
Talk nonsense again
I'll give it to you now
Why bother with a girl?
Let her go
Don't listen to him
Don't trust him.
Please give me another chance to forgive me, okay?
hypocrite
Of course, I won't let you go so easily
Long to come
It's fun to torture you slowly
Evergreen, you are my husband
Of course I will forgive you, but